this Mother's screams are
[Applause]
evidence moments before her son's body
was pulled from a mass grave at the
Naser Hospital compound in
kanun Dr muhamed Muay from Gaza civil
defense is showing videos and pictures
to a room full of reporters he wants the
world to see the dozens of bodies they
found and to answer for
them like that of hara Faris a young
girl discovered with her legs
amputated we found the bodies of a
number of children we have questions why
do we have children in M
Graves a child a patient still in his
crubs a man with his hands tied a bullet
to the
head in the past week Dr M and his teams
have gathered forensic evidence from
nearly 400 bodies their report find
signs of summary executions and physical
torture feel about
some bodies still had the canula on them
which shows they were patients who were
receiving treatment in the Naser
Hospital approximately 10 bodies were
found with their hands tied and we need
further forensic Examination for 20
bodies for people we think might have
been buried
alive they're asking for an independent
investigation to check their findings
and document them the Israeli military
dismissed accusations its forces buried
bodies before before they withdrew from
the compound as baseless Israeli troops
have pulled out of gaza's two main
hospitals in recent weeks civil defense
Crews later dug up dozens of corpses
from two Mass graves in the elifim
medical center in Gaza City while at
least 392 bodies were discovered in
three different sites on the grounds of
the Naser Hospital more than half of
them have yet to be identified plunging
their families in constant anguish
by God I can no longer bear it every day
I come here in search since the day he
went missing and every day I come two or
three times to search please whoever
knows any information about him should
tell me is he alive or was he taken by
the Israelis or
anything now the US is joining calls
from the EU and the UN demanding an
explanation from Israel calling the
discoveries deeply
disturbing ipt genford Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from alaz